Question 13. (15 pts)

Georgia Tech Professor Thad Starner (a key contributor to the Tangible Bits paper) for many
years used the signature line: "you have 50 years; how do you wish to change the world?"

In Q7, you completed a storyboard and accompanying description of a TEI
system that engaged RRR in SSS context.  For this question, you can 
either "bend" that system, or propose a new system, to be realized in 
10 years, under the following descriptions of *a* (not *the*) possible future
at that time.  You should explicitly engage all of these constraints.  
Be specific.

Your system is to "entangle" two ~cubic-meter spaces, toward the ends of bringing people together. (Many of the specifics engage Ch5.) Regarding these spaces, 
 
 - (1) one is inside of the United States; and 
 - (2) one is outside of the terrestrial United States (and not necessarily upon Earth).

a: for each of these, please pick *one* of the options proposed by you
during the final class. (1pt)

b: choose the specific day, time, and time zone, sometime within 2032. (1pt)

c: In ~two sentences, addressed to your aspirational collaborator, please
   describe your envision engaginged system, of a kind *not realizable in 2022.* (3 pts)

d: relative to the below constraints (RTTBC), please describe the specific
 *computational* instance(s) that you envision engaging, 
 *of a kind that did not exist in 2022.* Be specific. (2pts)

e: RTTC, please describe the *physical* instance(s) that you envision engaging, 
 *of a kind that did not exist in 2022.* Be specific. (2pts)

f: RTTC, please describe the *display and/or actuation* instance(s) that you envision engaging, 
 *of a kind that did not exist in 2022.* Be specific. (2pts)

g: RTTC, please describe the *sensing* instance(s) that you envision engaging, 
 *of a kind that did not exist in 2022.* Be specific. (2pts)

h: RTTC, please describe the *communications* instance(s) that you envision engaging, 
 *of a kind that did not exist in 2022.* Be specific. (2pts)


** A options:**
- Mt. Rushmore, in an outside National Park location in view of the faces;
- Times Square, NYC, at the intersection where large computational displays are known
  to frequent, and The Ball descends ~each New Year's Eve;
 

** B options:**
- Butchart Gardens (Victoria, BC, Canada)
  https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Butchart+Gardens/@48.5639031,-123.4712163,17z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x548f6c19f8ae33bf:0x6f99f7862811ac04!8m2!3d48.5635765!4d-123.4706262
  -- specifically, a Japanese-style bridge over a koi pond to the ...
- The meeting table in Kiev, Ukraine where US Secretary of State Blinken 
  and Secretary of Defense Austin met with Ukrainian leaders last week.

### end ###



